how we organize at the same time in the
communities know to break down break
down the terrible terrible terrible
isolation you know in which H
traditionally and to this day more than
ever know women are forced to provide
this work right not only to bring down
the gender division of
labor but also to provide you know a a
different
articulation so that we don't wait for
the services of the state and we don't
wait you know for the major social
change but in fact begin to rearticulate
the way we reproduce our life in a way
that is more Collective and in a way
that therefore guarantees further our
capacity to struggle